Jackie Mason is a so-called comedian
he's been in the business for about 185
years and is he still playing the
Poconos he was on The Young Turks a long
long time ago like it might have been
literally ten years ago I think we were
fighting over the Iraq war he thought it
was a great idea
hey Jackie had that workout and he's
never said anything funny that I've ever
seen and he certainly didn't say
anything funny on our air and then he
got all agitated when we pointed out
what a disaster Iraq was any younger
okay look I'm being honest and
transparent about my feelings about
Jackie Mason and part of where they come
from
now don't trust me on whether Jackie
mace is a good guy or not let's hear
from Jackie Mason himself I mean he was
on a show recently with Aaron Klein he's
the radio host somewhere and he started
talking about gay people in black people
uh-oh
let's listen getting into 2016 do you
think comedy needs to be politically
correct quote unquote
well can be always had to be politically
correct because it was always a problem
with what you say and how you say it
because it was always people complaining
well before you could you couldn't pick
on almost sexual because it was bad
taste because almost sexual to a
persecuted minority now it's exactly the
opposite not all homosexuals could could
attack you and abused you and people who
haven't favor of same-sex marriage could
abuse you but you can say worried we can
say we're against same-sex marriage used
to be free to attack the whole idea of
same-sex marriage now I would invest
itself now with you for same-sex
marriage
you're a sensation and you persecute
everybody who's against same-sex
marriage if you own a company and you
happen to be a head of a company at the
game six memories ten seconds later
you're out of business because the
same-sex marriage people now are
sensation
against the homosexual because almost
sexual zarnow in church and if they find
out you're heterosexual you're afraid to
walk in the street over a guy is walking
with a girl is getting nervous if you're
walking with another guy holding hands
you were sensational walk down the
street now we're ago everybody wonders
what's wrong with you
really straight guys are afraid to walk
down the street because homosexuals are
in charge what's gonna happen this
straight guys afraid though are all dads
with their girls and it was that a joke
I don't
he's so unfunny it's hard to tell but I
don't think he was really joking you
were got more for you guys to give you
full context you begin to get a sense in
are they joking right but he was really
ranting about how it's exactly the
opposite now homosexuals can attack you
he said and abuse you Jackie who's
attacking you I'm presuming you're
straight who's attacking you
somebody tagging the street if that if
you report the crime I'll be on your
side I he I mean that's why the guy's
not funny because he thinks it's funny
to make fun of people with less power he
that you have to protect a powerful and
attack the powerless oh my god now that
gays have some rights this may be in
some states the same rights as we do i
can't bash them anymore ah god how am i
gonna be funny now what am I gonna do
make fun of straight people and they're
already getting attacked in the streets
okay okay we haven't even gotten the
blacks yet you say anyone boy it against
a black person you're wiped out in the
second one when you talk about a black
person you have to be so careful you
used to be a you could insane at the end
boy dear boys would put you out of
business so you had to be careful
instead of saying the end way you call
them a black person then the white black
ISM went out of business because you
have to say Negro the Negro went out of
business you have to say
african-american now would be they have
to buy a paper to point out what is a
black people today the black person
could call you any name he wants and by
the black placement there's a free man
his free speech today only for black
people free speech only for black people
in this country huh
fascinating he went on to say if you're
a white Protestant american gentile you
can't say a word it's true I mean the
white Protestants in this country
they've all gone to mute they can't I
walked up to a white Christian the other
day say hey how you doing guys they're
worth yeah that's the topsy-turvy world
we live in look he clearly clearly was
not joking but by the end he was so
pathetic and ridiculous that I started
to feel bad for him it seemed like he
was reminiscing about the good old
so remember when we could make fun of
people who had no power and you know
kicking when they were down ah now we
can't do that how am I gonna get a cheap
laugh actually be funny retire just stop
talking
sorry I don't mean to put you out of
business